# 2025-11-12 Jeff

Hi Jeff!

Current Fiverr Contract
I see that our current contract has ended. It's the simplest thing for me to do for now is just to click "Yes, I approve the delivery"?

Geni
I see that you have started playing with Geni. I will be pleased to hear what you think about it.

This evening I spent an hour or so on it. I started re-familiarizing myself with dealing with using Geni.

I cleared up sources and inconsistency issues.

Review Match
The next step will be to start doing "review match". There are thousands of these. The most interesting places, however, are the review match buttons at the end of a branch. When there is a match and you accept it, all its branches are added to the branch you are on.

And even if you do not check it, you can still explore the match and the following matches and go way back.

Here is the furthest back profile that I have found so far that has a date:

https://www.geni.com/people/Hjorvard-Heremodsson-King-of-Tune/6000000022784959542

Multiple Languages
Unlike the other apps, Geni support multiple languages. A critical thing is that when you do a "review match" with an entry in another language is not to blindly to accept the incoming data. Instead merge the incoming data into its own language and also keep the English profile.

As you can see I did not do that write when I accepted a Russian managers profile and his Russian text entries overwrote all of my English text.

I think it would be possible to update and correct these by doing a review match with an existing English language profile. I will explore this.
